c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\obj\Debug\mstest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\mstest.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\mstest.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Moq.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\obj\Debug\mstest.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\obj\Debug\mstest.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
