c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\obj\Debug\mstest.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\mstest.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\mstest.Tests.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\mstest.Tests.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\mstest.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\mstest.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\obj\Debug\mstest.Tests.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\obj\Debug\mstest.Tests.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\mstest\mstest.Tests\bin\Debug\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
